――During the time Reinhard served as their method of transport, Subaru’s mental preparedness had been doubly ineffective.

Reinhard: [It may feel a bit uncomfortable, but you should get used to it soon.]

And, with this preface from Reinhard, he suddenly hoisted up the dragon carriage that Subaru’s group was riding along with Patrasche, swiftly running into the sky―― no, launching himself into it.

Subaru: [Ababababababa…!]

The scenery outside the windows rapidly passing by, and the inside of the dragon carriage which, like a visual bug, felt almost completely still in spite of that, made Subaru and Beatrice embrace each other as they shook.

Theoretically, this was not hard to understand. In short, it was the same as when a ground dragon applied its Divine Protection of Wind Evasion. The problem was that the one responsible for this display was Reinhard, a human who ran at a speed so ridiculous that it defied common sense.

???: [I’ve already been through this o~nce. Hopefully you guys all savor it too~.]

???: [S-still, is it really possible to get used to this?]

Quietly, Meili sat with her chin resting on her knees. With Petra fearfully clinging onto the cloak of the girl already experienced in this, Meili chuckled with a “fufu~,”

Meili: [I didn’t know Petra-chan could even get sca~red, how surprisi~ng.]

Petra: [Rather than being scared, I’d say it’s more about being shocked by the occurrence of something unimaginable. The Sword Saint-sama is a lot crazier than I’d heard.]

???: […True, haven’t heard of the previous Sword Saints bein’ this outlandish. Guess ya could say Reinhard’s special.]

Near the end of the conversation with Meili, seeing that Petra cued him to weigh in, Rom-jii replied while rubbing his head.

Even Rom-jii, whose body was crammed into the narrow seats of the dragon carriage, seemed unfamiliar with this running style of Reinhard’s, as he placed a hand on the wall for peace of mind.

Seemingly, this method of transport was not usually employed by the Felt Camp. However, this was also something that could have been considered a staggering advantage.

Rom: [If we got around this way outside of emergencies, we’d lose popularity for usin’ the power of the Sword Saint in vain. To an extent, a wanin’ of the Sword Saint’s influence is a problem for the Kingdom… if we’re careless, then forget leavin’ the country, this way of travellin’ might get banned too.]

Subaru: [Right, that joke of a Reinhard Law…]

To Rom-jii’s curled lips, Subaru spoke on the absurdity of a parallel world’s international laws.

As implied by its name, the Reinhard Law concerned only the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, the purpose of which was to decisively forbid him from leaving the Kingdom of Lugunica. When spoken about, it seemed like a joke, but in reality, when one realized just how out of the ordinary he was, it was hard to frame as overdoing it.

Although――,

Subaru: [I mean, Reinhard’s power is absurd, almost stupidly so, but I just wish the other nations would see that he doesn’t have the personality to cause needless harm.]

Rom: [Hoh, even though you’re from another camp, ya seem to value Reinhard pretty highly, no?]

Subaru: [We’re friends after all, and when everyone’s on a trip outside the country, it’s sad being the only one left at home. Something like a trip to Vollachia… nah, there’s nothing fun in Vollachia. Flop-san and Medium-san should use their influence to build at least one amusement park.]

Hopefully, by either sneaking around Abel’s gaze, or winning him over, they could somehow squander some of the Empire’s money on entertainment; he hoped that they could make a big amusement park.

Beatrice: [Garfiel, what are you looking at, I suppose?]

Garfiel: [Nuthin’, was just thinkin’ that if my amazin’ self could do somethin’ like this, I could make stuff way easier for the Captain ‘n the rest of ya. Like how “Gibnevra’s suited for different jobs,” it feels like my amazin’ self wouldn’t be able to do it no matter what.]

While Subaru was imagining his construction plans for Vollachia Land, Beatrice struck up a conversation with Garfiel, who expressed his vexation by the gnashing of his fangs.

Certainly, he could do something similar to Reinhard with pure brute strength, but without a functioning Divine Protection of Wind Evasion, the comfort level of the trip would have been hellish. In the first place, treating his sworn little brother like a work horse, even in an emergency, would have made Subaru feel bad.

Subaru: [Ah, so that’s why we haven’t put Reinhard’s running style to use. This gives a bad feeling for sure.]

Reinhard: [I am happy you understand. I would also feel awkward about this if it were not an emergency.]

Subaru: [You’ve joined the conversation like it’s perfectly natural…]

As if it were natural, Reinhard’s voice rang out; it was the effect of his Divine Protection of Telepathy, which Subaru had once experienced in Pristella.

Apparently, people aside from Subaru were hearing his voice this time, so Petra and the others were unable to conceal their surprise at Reinhard’s voice suddenly resounding in their brains. Though, Meili seemed to have gained a tolerance for the Divine Protection of Telepathy, and so continued to look smug.

At any rate――,

Subaru: [For now, my surprise at Reinhard’s running style has dissipated, but I still have to process the other shocking revelation. Is it true? ――About the entry of this Filóre girl?]

Reinhard: [Yes, there is no falsehood in that fact.]

Though he could not see it with his eyes, Subaru could practically feel Reinhard’s nod of affirmation, was shocked by the truth that had been revealed, and once again took a deep breath, then swallowed.

While Subaru and the others had been in the Pleiades Watchtower, there had been an astonishing development in the Royal Capital―― the Church of the Divine Dragon had made contact, and a woman who could make the insignia glow, known as Filóre, had made her entrance on the stage.

The organization that, up until now, had been keeping a low profile had come forward with a fact that could not be ignored in the Royal Selection. Naturally, as the Knight of the Royal Selection Candidate Emilia, Subaru was greatly troubled.

However――,

Subaru: [――That Crusch-san was saved is great news.]

The great tremor that ran through the Royal Selection was an incident that he could not escape hearing about, but among the topics that had been brought to his ears, the one that mattered most to Subaru was the recovery of Crusch.

In Pristella, within the Sin Archbishop of Lust’s malignant clutches, Crusch’s body had been burdened with a curse that brought incurable pain. For a long time, he had deeply lamented that he had not been able to protect Crusch while fighting on the same battlefield as her; a persistent thorn in his side.

Subaru: [Seriously, if I could’ve taken all that stuff off Crusch’s shoulders, then I would’ve been happy to do so even if my entire body turned completely black.]

Lust’s blood had been poured into her, and Crusch had been saddled with a blight too terrible to even cast a glance at. Having been baptized in that same woman’s blood, however, Subaru suffered a very different amount of damage than Crusch.

Of course, the effects were felt over the entire body, but unlike Crusch, who continued to suffer in pain, the worst he experienced was his arm and leg being covered in what could only have been considered a creepy, deformed tattoo. That, and the fact it was completely gone after that time his arm was blown off, in addition to the feeling of surprise he felt whenever he remembered the effect on his leg when he was on the toilet or in the bath.

Somehow, Subaru was able to alleviate Crusch’s suffering in exchange for his own suffering. So, saving Crusch that way had been one possibility――,

Subaru: [Crusch-san… didn’t agree to that.]

After the battle in Pristella, ever since she refused his proposal to take on her curse, stating that she could not burden Subaru further as he would soon be travelling to the Pleiades Watchtower, her physical condition had always been at the back of his mind.

That she was healed was undoubtedly good news as far as Subaru was concerned.

However――,

Rom: [What’s hard to stomach is that the very people it matters to the most can’t just celebrate her recovery.]

As Rom-jii’s grave words indicated, Crusch’s recovery―― that it was carried out at the hands of the Church of the Divine Dragon, would have been a great regret for her and her companions.

Subaru understood that much. And because he understood, he could not say anything recklessly. It would have been frivolous to say something like “Even if it came at the cost of a major disadvantage in the Royal Selection, what matters most is that she is still alive.”

Subaru: [But now this Filóre person has appeared, and she was able to prove her qualification as a Priestess by making the insignia glow. That can’t be good, right?]

Meili: [That’s ri~ght. Even though the number of Royal Selection Candidates finally dropped by one and a spot opened up, the fact that it was immediately filled will set us right back to the beginni~ng.]

Petra: […Meili-chan, if you don’t pick your words properly, then I’ll also get angry. It’s for that reason we went to the Tower in the first place.]

Meili: [Well, the helmet guy messed all that up… Ahh, don’t get angry. Yeah yea~h, I’m so~rry.]

Remembering her role as a little devil, Meili voiced her insensitive jokes, giving an insincere apology to the scathing gaze of Petra. After a small sigh at Meili’s behavior, Petra continued with an “Anyways,”

Petra: [Meili-chan’s cheeky tongue aside… what’s concerning isn’t the issue of the open spot. It’s just, this Filóre lady has golden hair and crimson eyes, right?]

Subaru: [That’s… what they’re saying. It’s…]

Petra: [――Those are the characteristics of the Lugunican Royal Family, aren’t they? Also, I’m sure that was the name of the princess who was kidnapped fifteen years ago.]

Rom: [――Filóre.]

With a finger on her lips, Petra stated what knowledge she had. After Petra finished speaking, in the pause for the crucial word that was born, a different person took over. ――Rom-jii.

Rom-jii attracted the gazes of everyone in the carriage; however, he dropped his gaze to his knees,

Rom: [Fifteen years ago, the Crown Prince’s daughter who disappeared was called Filóre. That’s the same name as the nun from the Church of the Divine Dragon currently in the Castle.]

Beatrice: [And, they are saying that this nun made the insignia glow in front of everyone in the Castle, in fact. If that’s true, then it makes sense that the trouble it creates could shake the Royal Selection, I suppose.]

It was a truth which sent deep tremors throughout the Lugunican Royal Castle; after sharing the context for such an event, the dragon carriage was enveloped in a quiet air.

However, Subaru remained firm in continuing to not read the room and asserted himself with a “Listen.”

Subaru: [I’m not really convinced by all that.]

Reinhard: [――What do you mean by “convinced”?]

Subaru: [I’m finally starting to get used to talking with your voice in my head, but anyways, this is what everyone is concerned about, right? This person named Filóre from the Church of the Divine Dragon, she could possibly be the lost Lugunican royal. The fact that the insignia shone seemed like proof of that royalty.]

Petra: [Yeah, that’s right. You aren’t convinced by that?]

Subaru: [Nah, after all, wasn’t it the same for Felt?]

Unfortunately, even though it followed his mortifying memories of the day the Royal Selection commenced, Subaru had not heard Felt’s declaration of her beliefs. Before that, he had been expelled from the throne room for his great blunder.

However, even though he had not been present, everything that happened there and what Felt had said were all shared with him later.

Originally, the existence of a fifteen-year-old royal being revealed in that place should have caused questions to surface.

Subaru: [So, the same was the case with Felt. Well, in my opinion, the existence of a princess who was secretly taken away and grew up among the common people in the streets is a more exciting twist, so I’d like it if it ends up as Felt being the royal.]

Rom: [Hm, I see. ――But, if it’s as ya imagine ‘n Felt is the Kingdom of Lugunica’s princess, then the Royal Selection will be settled with her win. Are ya okay with that?]

Subaru: [Eh?]

Toward Rom-jii’s single closed eye, Subaru’s gaze widened.

He thought it might have been a bad joke, but it was not taken back. Further, other than Subaru, everyone seemed to agree with Rom-jii’s thoughts.

Unexpectedly, he was in the minority―― no, having become entirely isolated, Subaru became upset.

Subaru: [No no no, why?]

Garfiel: [‘Course it’s like that, what do ya mean “Why?”. In the first place, the reason we’re doin’ this Royal Selection is ’cause of the Royal Family dyin’ out, right? But, if that ends up not bein’ true, then shouldn’t the only survivin’ royal become King?]

Subaru: [I-it’s a hereditary thing?]

Reinhard: [I wish you would choose your words more tactfully, but that is what is being said.]

The two martial artists of the group, Garfiel and Reinhard, rebuked him, and Subaru realized the difference in perception between him and the people of this world as he let out a sigh.

For Natsuki Subaru, who was born and raised in Japan, the representative of a country was decided not by lineage, but was naturally elected based on other criteria. The circumstances of the Royal Selection were another factor that influenced him, as it was similar to the system of elections that Subaru was familiar with.

Instead, for the people of this other world, the prince would have naturally been next in line after the present King, and the child of that prince-made-King would come after him.

So, if Felt was confirmed to be a royal, then the natural progression was that Felt would have been next in line to the throne and the Royal Selection would lose its very purpose――.

Subaru: [So that means it would’ve been really bad if Felt was confirmed as royalty!]

Rom: [Since it stopped at the point of bein’ just a suspicion, the Royal Selection was given the go-ahead. With that said, can ya still diligently serve as the young lady’s Knight while holdin’ your head high?]

Subaru: [Stop! I was just a little unfamiliar with common sense here! We have Beako, Petra, and Garfiel who are all growing up to be smart kids!]

Beatrice: [Allow yourself to be corrected, the pretty and charming Betty is the most grown up one here, in fact.]

Embraced on Subaru’s lap, Beatrice puffed out her chest. As he watched Subaru pat her head, Rom-jii patted his own head with a staggered look on his face.

He understood, it had certainly just been a discrepancy in perception, and he had shown some shameful behavior. However, in spite of that, Subaru’s doubts were still not cleared.

Subaru: [I stumbled a little, but my doubts are still unresolved. In the case that their royalty is confirmed, I understand that the Royal Selection would become meaningless, but ultimately, there will be the same doubts as to whether Filóre-chan-san is the real deal, just as there was for Felt. And if that’s the case…]

Reinhard: [――Whichever one is true royalty must be verified.]

Subaru: [――――]

Perhaps those words were intended to have been as devoid of emotion as possible. Because of that, what Reinhard left unspoken cut as sharp as a blade.

Subaru exhaled, letting the meaning of those words seep into his brain. ――Felt and Filóre; it needed to be verified which one was real.

Rom: [There’re only suspicions with no conclusive evidence, but the Royal Selection’s still continued up ’till now. But, since two Candidates have appeared who may be part of the Royal Family, then naturally, they can’t be left as-is. As for those who are holdin’ malicious intent, I’m also afraid of the possibility that they might’ve infiltrated the Royal Selection.]

Subaru: [Malicious intent… whichever one ends up being true royalty doesn’t automatically mean that the other one is evil. Maybe they just coincidentally had golden hair and crimson eyes…]

Beatrice: [It can’t have been a coincidence, those are traits unique to the Royal Family, I suppose.]

Subaru: [But! Didn’t the insignia shine for both of them!?]

As both Rom-jii and Beatrice gave logical explanations, Subaru grew fervid. He was only able to argue from an emotional point of view.

In the first place, Subaru could not explain why he became so passionate.

Simply, if meeting Reinhard and Rom-jii when he was first summoned factored into his fondness for them, then the same was true for Felt. As for Felt’s current position and efforts, he did not want them to be for nothing just because she was not of the Royal Family.

Furthermore, this Filóre that he had not even met yet was being made out as a bad person, and he did not want to accuse her of being a schemer and blindly curse her.

Above all――,

Subaru: [If they really wanted a member of the Royal Family to take over so badly, then when Felt appeared, regardless of the circumstances behind the Royal Selection or the Royal Family, why didn’t they do a DNA test or something to check? By starting the Royal Selection without doing that, Emilia, and so many others…]

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

As Subaru bit his lip and suppressed his voice, Beatrice, who sat on his lap, grew anxious. At the feeling of a hand gently holding onto his, Subaru tightly closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. Nevertheless, the violent emotions in his beating heart refused to calm down.

Emilia, Felt, Crusch, Anastasia, and Priscilla; they had all put their beliefs, and even lives on the line in order to compete in the Royal Selection.

That an unexpected interruption would butt in was an unacceptable twisting of the premises.

Subaru: [If that happens…]

Beatrice: [If that happens, what will you do, in fact?]

Subaru: [With Reinhard’s help, maybe we could make an appeal for the Royal Selection to go on, or something…]

Reinhard: [I see.]

Rom: [No, ya don’t see! Don’t go ‘round sayin’ such terrible things! You as well, impulsively rilin’ up the Sword Saint, what would ya do if he actually followed through with that!?]

Garfiel: [If that happens, then my amazin’ self will also jump on board!]

Petra: [Garf-san, things are getting complicated now, so could you calm down? Please?]

Subaru’s bitter words as he was at a loss on what to do were met with vehement opposition by Rom-jii and Petra. A battle of protest between being active and remaining passive burst forth, as Petra glared at Garfiel, who withered away with a “Gawr…”.

But, by no means was it all entirely a joke. ――No, Subaru was actually quite serious. If he had that level of resolve, then he would show his spirit as a Knight to the Royal Selection Candidate he was dedicated to.

Subaru: [There’s so much to do when we get to the Royal Capital…! Geez, I feel like I’ve just been restlessly moving around for the past six months now…]

Beatrice: [That is nothing, I suppose. Betty feels like she’s been moving nonstop for eleven and a half years now, in fact.]

Subaru: [Don’t say weird stuff like that, it’s messing with my head…]

Subaru’s banter was met by even more outrageous banter from Beatrice. Horrified by her words, Subaru lamented the scale and number of problems waiting for them at the Royal Capital.

He was worried about Emilia, who had personally encountered the cause for their concerns firsthand, and he wanted to visit Crusch, whose body had recovered. He had to pay his respects to this Filóre and personally interrogate the traumatized higher-ups about the status of the Royal Selection. Then there was the matter of the Al-orb that hung around his neck; he needed to investigate the various reasons that led to his sudden outburst.

But, for the time being, what needed to be dealt with――,

Reinhard: [Subaru, we’re arriving.]

Subaru: [Seriously, that was crazy. Sorry for making you take the scenic route.]

As he was shifting his focus, Reinhard’s report came in with great timing.

As one would have imagined from the scenery passing by at high speeds, he had been moving extraordinarily fast. Cecilus moved faster if one were purely speaking in terms of speed, but unfortunately, he most likely did not possess the strength to carry a dragon carriage, so it seemed that the Cecilus running style would not bear any fruit.

If it was just one person, then maybe he could imitate it by carrying them on his back―― while he was thinking such, he was taken aback as the reality of the scenery outside the window had truly set in.

With the high-speed run coming to a halt, the dragon carriage slowly lowered to the ground. That was to say, they had arrived at their destination. And as if to prove it――,

???: [――What… in the world is this!?]

Subaru: [――――]

Suddenly, the moment he heard that voice, Subaru quickly rose to his feet and jumped out of the dragon carriage whilst carrying a surprised Beatrice, who let out a “Nkyaa!”

Before him was Reinhard, who had run whilst carrying the dragon carriage without breaking a sweat, and Patrasche who appeared full of tension after being carried by said Reinhard.

With the ridiculous appearance of the dragon carriage in her eyes, standing in front of the door of the nostalgic Roswaal manor was a blue-haired――,

Subaru: [Uh!]

Beatrice: [Subaru!? Wh-wh-wh-what’s wrong, I suppose!?]

Without thinking, Subaru knelt down and clutched his chest, bringing down a shocked Beatrice with him. In a panicked flurry, Beatrice whacked his head and shoulders while she was at his mercy, but Subaru’s heart cried out at the wonderful sight before him.

Because, standing in front of the Roswaal manor, greeting Subaru and the others was――,

Subaru: [That oh-so-familiar look of yours, I just realized how precious it truly was…]

???: […That’s just how you are, no matter when or where we meet, huh?]

Saying this, with an elegant face, simultaneously disgusted and relieved, and in a maid uniform―― indeed, Rem, in a maid uniform, sighed.

△▼△▼△▼△

Capitalizing upon Reinhard’s travel method, Subaru had requested to drop by the Roswaal manor in the midst of their journey to the Royal Capital.

The purpose went without saying: to have Rem present when reacquiring the Memories from the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, which was one of the reasons why they were en route for the Royal Capital.

Subaru: [I don’t expect the discussion with Gluttony to go so harmoniously, but that Al must’ve drawn it out one way or another. Then there’s no reason to think that we can’t do it. On top of that, I’ve already missed the scene of Ram and Rem’s reunion. If I let the return of Rem’s Memories slide this time, then I’ll be beyond recovery…!]

To this powerful beseechment of Subaru’s akin to shedding tears of blood, Reinhard awarded his approval with not a second of displeasure hinting on his face, despite surely wanting to return to Felt as quickly as possible.

There was nothing to say but that he was truly a good friend. Subaru would also like to take up any request coming from Reinhard, but it was certainly dubious whether he would readily nod in assent to a request of taking a roundabout detour of hundreds of kilometers with a dragon carriage on his shoulders.

However, Reinhard had in reality just pulled that off.

Furthermore, that was not all that Reinhard had taken upon himself――,

Subaru: [――Sorry for making you come along for all this.]

Reinhard: [No, I don’t mind. Moreover, even though it escapes my realization, I have also sustained the devastation begotten by the Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony. I was made to forget one friend, at the very least.]

Subaru: [Ah… Which reminds me, he apparently said that he’d turn being forgotten around into a good opportunity to challenge you, Reinhard. He can win now that you don’t know the skills up his sleeve, kinda thing.]

Reinhard: [That is… something to look forward to, in all honesty.]

His brows slightly upraised, Reinhard then smiled in true delight as Subaru watched with a sideward gaze, internally apologizing to Julius for having started a fire by saying things that were unnecessary.

Perhaps, he may have just crushed the possibility of winning that might have existed. But, he could also envisage the possibility of Julius finding it unfair that he would be the only one who had knowledge of skills up the opponent’s sleeve, and rather progressively reveal his hand. So, any apology besides internally was deferred.

――To make such piddling thoughts rush, was how heavy the atmosphere of this place was.

Subaru: […As you’d expect, the Prison Tower lives up to its name.]

A strangely chilly sweat began to trickle down Subaru’s forehead as he murmured.

He was not panicking, nor had he come running. Yet, the perspiring and dripping icy sweat was Subaru’s body responding with rejection to this space.

In the uppermost strata of the Royal Capital of Lugunica, this stone spire constructed in the vicinity of the Royal Castle functioned as a prison where the premier criminals of the Kingdom were incarcerated. Naturally, in order to ensure none of the captives could easily meet with anyone, all isolation cells were sealed shut with an iron door.

It was not in the style of jails one would see in manga where prisoners would be behind steel bars; as Subaru stepped inside, he tasted a 7:3 ratio of relief and evasion.

Subaru: [The folks over at the Gladiator Island were criminals just like criminals would be, but they were more clear-cut scoundrels…]

It would not be an apt portrayal of the characteristics of the nation, but the crimes committed by Hiain, Weitz, Idra, or the others who had been his comrades on the Gladiator Island Ginunhive were based upon violence without malice. There were occasionally those in the mix who had been thrown into slavery without pardon or mercy like Hiain, but even those who were deemed to be so-called serious offenders were only differentiated by the extent of their violence, minor or major.

On the other hand, the aura of the Prison Tower that incarcerated the criminals of Lugunica had a malodor of blood that Subaru could trace on his skin, entirely unlike the Gladiator Island with which he was familiar.

Subaru: [Does this place have a high proportion of captured Witch Cultists, after all?]

Reinhard: [That’s right. Based on the fact that a principally large number of their activities happen in Lugunica, that summation is correct. In fact, Wrath is also imprisoned in the underground of this place.]

Subaru: [The underground… I hope Gluttony is kept at a good distance apart.]

Reinhard: [You can be doubly as sure. There’s also the difference in the circumstances of their capture, but none can heedlessly come close to Wrath. Including the other prisoners as well, you see.]

The Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Wrath, Sirius Romanée-Conti, was something like mind contamination through engulfment in her words or moods, crescively infecting the atmosphere. Considering its influence, it would be impossible to say her hazardousness had been ridden of, even after forbidding her movement.

In fact, it seemed as though part of the repugnant presence wafting inside this Prison Tower was conceivably coming from the Sin Archbishop of Wrath.

Subaru: [I’ve got a physiological revulsion inside me, but before long, I may need to speak with her as well.]

Reinhard: [When that happens, do reach out to me. I will accompany you the same way as this time.]

Subaru: [That’s reassuring. Counting on you, for real.]

Oh, such reassurance from Reinhard as he knocked his chest and bore it upon himself. However, Sirius’s Authority was also something that might invert the results of Reinhard’s strength. Careful handling was requisite.

Anyhow, she was not the reason for Subaru and company’s call onto the Prison Tower. Unfortunately, Sirius shall feast on the chilling air of the underground for now.

In lieu――,

???: [――This way.]

So said the Prison Tower guard who was leading their way, as he pointed to one of the doors. A man with potent nervousness and professionalism reflected upon his face in equal part, to whom Subaru nodded before locking his eyes onto the door.

A door depressing to even look at, transmitting a sensation of brumal gloom. ――Beyond this door lay the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, imprisoned.

Subaru: [Even so, he’s in a state identical to the Al-orb, so it’s dubious whether he himself is conscious of the situation or not.]

Shedding light on his own experience of when he had been sealed within the black orb, all he felt was an indescribable sensation akin to being submersed in lukewarm water, unable to move.

In an environs where even maintaining a clear consciousness was insoluble, Beatrice’s diligent constitution and industrious gallantry in elucidating the forbidden technique’s construct for Subaru was something for which he wished to confer onto her the Annual Subaru Award, but it seemed as though the list of nominees alone would fill his hands, so he would rather keep deliberating his deliberations.

Beatrice: [Subaru? Why are you squeezing Betty’s cheeks, I suppose?]

Subaru: [Well, I can’t give you the Annual Subaru Award right away, so I thought I’d give you an expression of affection instead…]

Beatrice: [After this business is finished, you can do as you like, so focus on what is in front of your eyes right now, in fact.]

His forlorn skinship pierced through, Subaru tapered his lips at Beatrice’s sober reprimand, and with a “That’s right”, swallowed his breath.

Beatrice at the front gate, Reinhard at the rear gate―― that was the best formation Subaru had come up with for paying Gluttony a visit at the Prison Tower. Truthfully, he would have liked to have the affiliated Rem also stationed in presence here, but he did not consider it feasible in any fashion until the first attempt at discussion had gone over well.

His assumption was that persuading, or coercing, Gluttony would require a tenacious attempt.

Subaru: [After all, he’s been fastened with Yin Magic, so Beako is especially indispensable.]

Beatrice: [You can entrust it to Betty, I suppose. And, if upon being unfastened the opponent immediately gets frenzied, Sword Saint, you will have to clobber him down, in fact.]

Reinhard: [Yes, I accept. I will not let him lay a finger on you or Subaru. Please rest assured.]

Subaru: [That does assure me a lot, for real. And with that…]

Setting his hopes on the strength of his far-too-dependable reinforcements, Subaru nodded to the guard and bid him open the door’s lock. As the guard steadily opened the door, Subaru matched its progression with tightened fists.

――Inside the Tower, imbued in scant light, in the reaches of an isolation cell that felt particularly dusky, imprisoned was Roy Alphard, fastened with Yin Magic in a form akin to a monolith. They shall awaken Roy, and force him to vomit forth Rem’s Memories, along with the Names and Memories of all the countless victims.

To exchange words with Sin Archbishops would surely be a battle that would scrape off one’s own sanity, but if a definite reward lay ahead of it, then Subaru shall steadfastly――.

Subaru: [――ah?]

After holding his breath in resolution, a gasp now unwittingly escaped from Subaru.

His eyes adjusting to the caliginous, dim light, the spectacle within the isolation cell was not what Subaru had prevised. What was supposed to await them was Roy Alphard, embedded in a monolith shaped like a dark slate, his condition akin to a preserved specimen.

However, ahead was an entirely unforeseen spectacle.

Everybody: [――――]

Subaru and the others froze, oblivious to its import, but it was Reinhard who gently shifted him aside by his shoulders and stepped into the cell. Beatrice was right beside him, her entire body reclined onto Subaru as they huddled close―― no, she was the one propping Subaru up.

For all strength absconded Subaru’s legs, verging upon collapse even now.

With Subaru nearing collapse, and Beatrice supporting him as his backdrop, Reinhard entered the interior of the cell and observed that which had been scattered about the chilly prison floor, shaking his head side to side.

He turned around, to say.

Reinhard: [――It is unfortunate, but he is dead.]

By Reinhard’s feet as he imparted this, was the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony―― Bizarre Eating, Roy Alphard, his heinously cruel corpse, limbs torn off, his body cleaved apart and severed into fragments, turned over; unravelled there was this terrible spectacle.
